README.md, before:

# store-admin

This is a Vue.js app that simulates a store admin portal where users can manually process orders, and manage products. It is meant to be used in conjunction with the product-service and makeline-service.

## Running the app locally

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Vue CLI Service](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/cli-service.html)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
- [OpenAI API Key](https://beta.openai.com/docs/developer-quickstart/your-api-keys)
- [Azure OpenAI API Key](https://azure.microsoft.com/products/cognitive-services/openai-service/)

### Running the app
To run the necessary services, clone the repo, open a terminal, and navigate to the repo directory.

If you have access to OpenAI or Azure OpenAI, open the `docker-compose.yml` file, uncomment the `ai-services` block, and add your OpenAI or Azure OpenAI credentials.

> IMPORTANT: When filling in the values, do not put the value in double-quotes.

```yaml
environment:
  - USE_AZURE_OPENAI=True # set to False if you are not using Azure OpenAI
  - AZURE_OPENAI_DEPLOYMENT_NAME= # required if using Azure OpenAI
  - AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT= # required if using Azure OpenAI
  - OPENAI_API_KEY= # always required
  - OPENAI_ORG_ID= # required if using OpenAI
```

Then run the following command:

```bash
docker compose up
```

With the services running, open a new terminal and navigate to the `store-admin` directory. Then run the following commands:

```bash
export VUE_APP_PRODUCT_SERVICE_URL=http://localhost:3002/
export VUE_APP_MAKELINE_SERVICE_URL=http://localhost:3001/

npm install
npm run serve
```

When the app is running, you should see output similar to the following:

```text
  App running at:
  - Local:   http://localhost:8081/ 
  - Network: http://192.168.0.144:8081/

  Note that the development build is not optimized.
  To create a production build, run npm run build.
```

Open a browser and navigate to `http://localhost:8081/`. You should see the store admin app running.

Commit message:

Update README with additional note
Added a note about the addition to trigger the workflow.

README.md, after:

# store-admin

This is a Vue.js app that simulates a store admin portal where users can manually process orders, and manage products. It is meant to be used in conjunction with the product-service and makeline-service.

## Running the app locally

### Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Vue CLI Service](https://cli.vuejs.org/guide/cli-service.html)
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
- [OpenAI API Key](https://beta.openai.com/docs/developer-quickstart/your-api-keys)
- [Azure OpenAI API Key](https://azure.microsoft.com/products/cognitive-services/openai-service/)

### Running the app
To run the necessary services, clone the repo, open a terminal, and navigate to the repo directory.

If you have access to OpenAI or Azure OpenAI, open the `docker-compose.yml` file, uncomment the `ai-services` block, and add your OpenAI or Azure OpenAI credentials.

> IMPORTANT: When filling in the values, do not put the value in double-quotes.

```yaml
environment:
  - USE_AZURE_OPENAI=True # set to False if you are not using Azure OpenAI
  - AZURE_OPENAI_DEPLOYMENT_NAME= # required if using Azure OpenAI
  - AZURE_OPENAI_ENDPOINT= # required if using Azure OpenAI
  - OPENAI_API_KEY= # always required
  - OPENAI_ORG_ID= # required if using OpenAI
```

Then run the following command:

```bash
docker compose up
```

With the services running, open a new terminal and navigate to the `store-admin` directory. Then run the following commands:

```bash
export VUE_APP_PRODUCT_SERVICE_URL=http://localhost:3002/
export VUE_APP_MAKELINE_SERVICE_URL=http://localhost:3001/

npm install
npm run serve
```

When the app is running, you should see output similar to the following:

```text
  App running at:
  - Local:   http://localhost:8081/ 
  - Network: http://192.168.0.144:8081/

  Note that the development build is not optimized.
  To create a production build, run npm run build.
```

Open a browser and navigate to `http://localhost:8081/`. You should see the store admin app running. This is my addition to trigger the workflow.
